Add some specifics on gems (and maybe pips) (#16418)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Formula-Cookbook.md

Homebrew doesn’t package already-packaged language-specific libraries. These should be installed directly from `gem`/`cpan`/`pip` etc.

### Ruby Gem Dependencies

> The preferred mechanism for installing gem dependencies is to use `bundler` with the upstream's `Gemfile.lock`. This requires the upstream checks in their `Gemfile.lock`, so if they don't, it's a good idea to file a bug and ask them to do so. Assuming they have one, this is as simple as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preferred mechanism for installing gem dependencies is to use `bundler` with the upstream's `Gemfile.lock`. This requires the upstream checks in their `Gemfile.lock`, so if they don't, it's a good idea to file an issue and ask them to do so. Assuming they have one, this is as simple as:
```

```ruby
ENV["GEM_HOME"] = libexec

> system "bundle", "install"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system "bundle", "install", "--without", "development"
```

Reviewer 2: On side note, perhaps these should be included as commented out lines in `brew create --ruby`. I feel that is often the easiest way to showcase our preferences (though I don't know statistics of how many people actually use that command).

Author: I didn't even know there WAS a --python and a --ruby. I'll add that to the docs in this PR.

```

From there, you can build and install the project itself:

```ruby
system "gem", "build", "<project>.gemspec"
system "gem", "install", "--ignore-dependencies", "<project>-#{version}.gem"
```

And install any bins, and munge their shebang lines, with:

```ruby
bin.install libexec/"bin/<bin>"
bin.env_script_all_files(libexec/"bin", GEM_HOME: ENV["GEM_HOME"])
```

### Python dependencies

> something about requirements.txt ?

Reviewer: @Homebrew/maintainers can I get some help filling this in?

Reviewer 2: Just noting that Python is a bit trickier as there isn't a standardized lock.
- requirements.txt isn't used everywhere and I've seen many projects that just manually modify it so not really at the same level as tooling generated equivalents (e.g. ruby Gemfile.lock, go go.mod+go.sum, rust Cargo.lock).
- Poetry-based projects have poetry.lock but Poetry isn't adopted everywhere.
- Our current approach of resources is probably the most applicable and able to result in reproducible builds.

Given our current infra/DSL, I think Python dependencies would be covered under following other cases.

Author: Updated to incorporate this in and restructure slightly.
